medications_taken	What medications (including suplements and vitamins) is she still taking?	What medications (including suplements and vitamins) is she still taking?		Specify the medications, supplements and vitamins that the pregnant woman is taking	MC (Select Multiple)	None,Don't know, Antacids,Aspirin,Calcium,Doxylamine,Folic Acid,Iron,Magnesium,Metoclopramide,Vitamine A, Analgestic, Anti-convulsive, Anti-diabetic,Anthelmintic,Anti-hypertensive, Anti-malaria, Antivirals,Antiretrovirals (ARVs), Oral pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) for HIV, Antitussive, Asthma, Cotrimoxazole, Other antibiotics,Hematinic, Multiviatmin, Thyroid medication, Other (specify)	Yes			The  options  "None,Don't know, Antacids,Aspirin,Calcium,Doxylamine,Folic Acid,Iron,Magnesium,Metoclopramide,Vitamine A, Analgestic, Anti-convulsive, Anti-diabetic,Anthelmintic,Anti-hypertensive, Anti-malaria, Antivirals,Antiretrovirals (ARVs), Oral pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) for HIV, Antitussive, Asthma, Cotrimoxazole, Other antibiotics,Hematinic, Multiviatmin, Thyroid medication, Other (specify)"  under What medications(including supplements and vitamins) is she still taking? should only be displayed if the pregnant woman was recommended to use supplements or vitamins in the first or previous contact and the option "Other (specify)" is selected, the field "Specify" should be displayed	The  options "None,Don't know, Antacids,Aspirin,Calcium,Doxylamine,Folic Acid,Iron,Magnesium,Metoclopramide,Vitamine A, Analgestic, Anti-convulsive, Anti-diabetic,Anthelmintic,Anti-hypertensive, Anti-malaria, Antivirals,Antiretrovirals (ARVs), Oral pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) for HIV, Antitussive, Asthma, Cotrimoxazole, Other antibiotics,Hematinic, Multiviatmin, Thyroid medication, Other (specify)"   under What medications(including supplements and vitamins) is she still taking? still remains as "What medications(including supplements and vitamins) is she still taking?" in the customized application
taking_penicillin_treatment	Is she taking her penicillin treatment?	Is she taking her penicillin treatment?		Specify if the client is taking her penicillin treatment?	MC (Select One)	Yes, No	No			The options "Yes, No"  under Is she taking her penicillin treatment? should only be displayed if the pregnant woman was recommended to use pencillin for syphilis treatment in the previous contact.	The options "Yes, No " under Is she taking her penicillin treatment? still remains as "Is she taking her penicillin treatment?" in the customized application
taking_calcium_supplements	Is she taking her calcium supplements?	Is she taking her calcium supplements?		Is she taking her calcium supplements? Select whether the woman is continuing to take her calcium supplements.	MC (Select One)	Yes, No	No			The options "Yes No" under " Under the field Is she taking her calcium supplements?  should only be displayed if the pregnant woman was recommended to use calcium supplements in the first or previous contact	The options "Yes, No" under the field  Is she taking her calcium supplements? still remains as "Is she taking her calcium supplements?" in the customized application
calcium_supplements_side_effects	Any calcium supplements side effects?	Any calcium supplements side effects?		Any  side effects? Select whether the woman has had side effects to Calcium supplements	MC (Select One)	Yes, No	No			The options "Yes, No" under the field Is she taking her calcium supplements? should only be displayed if the pregnant woman was recommended to use calcium supplements in the first or previous contact	The options "Yes, No" under the field  Any calcium supplements side effects? still remains as "Any calcium supplements side effects?" in the customized application
taking_aspirin	Is she taking aspirin?	Is she taking aspirin?		Is she taking her aspirin tablets? Select whether the woman is continuing to take aspirin tablets.	MC (Select One)	Yes, No	No			The options "Yes, No"  under the field Is she taking aspirin? should only be displayed if the pregnant woman was recommended to use aspirin in the first or previous contact	The options "Yes, No "  under  the field  Is she taking aspirin? still remains as "Is she taking aspirin?" in the customized application
taking_iron_and_folic_acid	Is she taking Iron and folic acid (IFA) tablets?	Is she taking Iron and folic acid (IFA) tablets?		Is she taking her iron and folic acid (IFA)tablets? Select whether the woman is continuing to take iron and folic acid (IFA)supplements.	MC (Select One)	Yes, No	No			The options "Yes, No " under the field  Is she taking Iron and folic acid (IFA) tablets? should only be displayed if the pregnant woman was recommended to use Iron and folic acid in the first or previous contact	The options "Yes , No " under the field Is she taking iron and folic acid (IFA) tablets? still remains as "Is she taking iron and folic acid (IFA) tablets?" in the customized application
iron_folic_acid_side_effects	Any iron and folic acid side effects?	Any iron and folic acid side effects?		Any  side effects? Select whether the woman has had side effects to IFA supplements.	MC (Select One)	Yes, No	No			The options "Yes, No " under the field  Any iron and folic acid side effects? should only be displayed if the pregnant woman was recommended to use Iron and folic acid in the first or previous contact	The  options "Yes, No" Any iron and folic acid side effects?  still remains as "Any iron and folic acid side effects?" in the customized application
		Section : Previous Behaviour									
persisted_behaviours	Which of the following behaviours persist?	Which of the following behaviours persist?		Which of the following behaviours persist? Select which of the following behaviours persist after being reported during last contact.	MC (Select Multiple)	None, Current tobacco use or recently quit, Exposure to second-hand smoke in the home, Alcohol use, Substance use, High caffeine intake	Yes			The options "None, Current tobacco use or recently quit, Exposure to second-hand smoke in the home, Alcohol use, Substance use, High caffeine intake"   under the field Which of the following behaviours persist? should only be displayed if in the first contact the woman had said yes to using tobacco, alcohol,substance use, high cafeine intake, recently quite tobacco, exposure to second hand smoking or smokes	The options "None, Current tobacco use or recently quit, Exposure to second-hand smoke in the home, Alcohol use, Substance use, High caffeine intake" under the field  Which of the following behavious persist? still remains the same in the customized application.
		Section : Previous Symptoms									
persisted_physiological_symptoms	Which of the following physiological  symptoms persist?	Which of the following physiological  symptoms persist?		Specify whether the woman has some physiological symptoms that persist	MC (Select Multiple)	None, Leg cramps, Nausea and vomiting, Heartburn etc..	Yes			The options "None, Leg cramps, Nausea and vomiting, Heartburn "  under the field Which of the following physiological  symptoms persist? should only be displayed if the client has some physiological symptoms that have persisted from the previous contact	The  options "None, Leg cramps, Nausea and vomiting, Heartburn"  under the field Which of the following physiological  symptoms persist? still remains as "Which of the following physiological  symptoms persist?" in the customized application
other_persisted_symptoms	Which of the following other symptoms persist?	Which of the following other symptoms persist?		Specify whether the woman has some other symptoms that persist	MC (Select Multiple)	None, Gets tired easily, Breathing difficulty etc..	No			The  options "None, Gets tired easily, Breathing difficulty e" under the field Which of the following other symptoms persist? should only be displayed if the client has some other symptoms that have persisted from the previous contact	The options "None, Gets tired easily, Breathing difficulty " under the  field Which of the following other symptoms persist? still remains as "Which of the following other symptoms persist?" in the customized application
		Section : Physiological Symptoms									
physiological_symptoms	Any Physiological symptoms?	Any Physiological symptoms?		Specify whether the woman has some physiological symptoms.	MC (Select Multiple)	None, Nausea and vomiting, Heartburn, Leg cramps, Constipation, Low back pain, Pelvic pain, Varicose veins, Oedema	Yes			When the options "Low back pain and Pelvic pain" are selected under Any physiological symptoms ? then display the question Any other symptoms related to low back and pelvic pain? and when the option "Other (specify)" is selected under  Any physiological symptoms ?  then  show another  text field "Specify".	The options   "None, Nausea, Vomiting, Heartburn, Leg cramps, Constipation, Low back pain and Pelvic pain " under Any Physiological symptoms?   in the reference application still remains  the same in the customized application only the options "Varicose veins and Oedema" have been moved to the section Maternal Exam in the Physical Exam Container
persisted_physiological_symptoms	Which of the following physiological  symptoms persist?	Which of the following physiological  symptoms persist?		Specify whether the woman has some physiological symptoms that persist	MC (Select Multiple)	None, Leg cramps, Nausea and vomiting, Heartburn etc..	Yes			The options "None, Leg cramps, Nausea and vomiting, Heartburn "  under the field Which of the following physiological  symptoms persist? should only be displayed if the client has some physiological symptoms that have persisted from the previous contact	The  options "None, Leg cramps, Nausea and vomiting, Heartburn"  under the field Which of the following physiological  symptoms persist? still remains as "Which of the following physiological  symptoms persist?" in the customized application
any_other_symptoms	Any other symptoms?	Any other symptoms?		Specify if the client has other symptoms apart from the physiological symptoms	MC (Select Multiple)	None, Abnormal vaginal discharge (physiological) (foul smelling)(curd like), Breathing difficulty, Breathless during routine activities, Gets tired easily and Other (specify).	Yes				The options   "None, Abnormal vaginal discharge (physiological)(foul smelling)(curd like)" under Any other symptoms?   in the reference application still remains  the same in the customized application only the options "Cough lasting more than 3 weeks, Headache, Vaginal bleeding and Visual disturbance" have been dropped.
signs_symptoms_of_ipv	Presenting signs and symptoms that trigger suspicion of IPV	Presenting signs and symptoms that trigger suspicion of IPV		Specify if the client has got some signs or symptoms that trigger suspicion of IPV	MC (Select Multiple)	None, Intrusive partner or husband present at consultations, Adverse reproductive outcomes, Symptoms of depression and anxiety, Self-harm or sucidal,m Unexplained or repeated genitourinary symptoms, Other.	No				The options   "None, Intrusive partner or husband present at consultations, Adverse reproductive outcomes, Symptoms of depression and anxiety, Self-harm or sucidal,m Unexplained or repeated genitourinary symptoms, Other". under  Presenting signs and symptoms that trgger suspicion of IPV   in the reference application still remains  the same in the customized application only the options "" have been dropped.
woman_felt_baby_move	Has the woman felt the baby move?	Has the woman felt the baby move?		Specify the woman has felt some fetal movement 	MC (Select Multiple)	Normal fetal movement, Reduced or poor fetal movement and No fetal movement	Yes				The options   "Normal fetal movement, Reduced or poor fetal movement and No fetal movement". under  Has the woman felt the baby move?  in the reference application still remains  the same in the customized applicaion.
