		Imaging : Ultrasound scan								
ANC.B8. Imaging	ultrasound_scan	Utrasound test	Ultrasound scan		Find out if ultrasound scan has been conducted 	MC (Select One)	Done today, Done earlier, Ordered, Not done	Yes			If the option "Done today" is selected then display the fields No. of fetuses , Fetal heartbeat, Fetal lie, Estimated fetal weight (grams), Fetal presentation, Amniotic fluid and Placenta location and if the option "Done earlier" is selected then display the two  fields  Ultrasound date  and  No. of fetuses , Fetal heartbeat, Fetal lie, Estimated fetal weight (grams), Fetal presentation, Amniotic fluid and Placenta location  and If the option "Ordered" is selected no field should be displayed and if the option "Not ordered" is selected then display the field Reason	The field Ultrasound test the reference application has be renamed Ultrasound scan in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	no_of_fetuses	No. of fetuses	No. of fetuses		Number of fetuses	MC (Select One)	Numbers 1 to 10	No			The field No.of fetuses  should only appear if the option "Done today " or "Done earlier" has been selected under  the field Ultrasound	The field No.of fetuses  in the reference application still remains the same in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	fetal_heartbeat		Fetal heartbeat		Infants fetal heartbeat	MC (Select One)	Present, Absent	Yes			The field Fetal heartbeat should only appear if the option "Done today " or "Done earlier" has been selected under  the field Ultrasound.	The field Fetal heartbeat  is a new field in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	fetal_heartrate		Fetal heart rate		Infants fetal heart rate	Integer		Yes			The field Fetal heart rate  should only appear if the option "Present" has been selected under  the field Fetal heartbeat	The field Fetal heart rate  is a new field in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	fetal_lie		Fetal lie		Infants fetal lie	MC (Select One)	Longitudinal, Transverse,Oblique,Undetermined	No			The field Fetal lie should only appear if the option "Done today " or "Done earlier" has been selected under  the field Ultrasound.	The field Fetal lie is a new field in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	fetal_weight_estimated		Estimated fetal weight ( grams) 		Estimated fetal weight in grams	Integer					The field Estimated fetal weight (grams)  should only appear if the option "Done today " or "Done earlier" has been selected under  the field Ultrasound.	The field Estimated fetal weight (grams)  is a new field in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	fetal_presentation	Fetal presentation	Fetal presentation		Fetal presentation	MC (Select One)	Breech, Cephalic, Undetermined	No			The field Fetal presentation  should only appear if the option "Done today " or "Done earlier" has been selected under  the field Ultrasound.	The field Fetal presentation  in the reference application still remains the same in the customized application. The option "Transverse" has been dropped and a new option "Undetermined " has been added in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	amniotic_fluid	Amniotic fluid	Amniotic fluid		Amniotic fluid	MC (Select One)	Normal, Reduced, Increased	No			The field Amniotic fluid  should only appear if the option "Done today " or "Done earlier" has been selected under  the field Ultrasound.	The field Amniotic in the reference application still remains the same in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	placenta_location	Placenta location	Placenta location		Placenta location	MC (Select Multiple)	Praevia, Low, Anterior, Posterior, Fundal	No			The field Placenta location should only appear if the option "Done today " or "Done earlier" has been selected under  the field Ultrasound.	The field Placenta location  in the reference application still remains the same in the customized application. The options "Left side" and "Right side" have been dropped and the option "Praevia" has been renamed to "Praevia (covering cervix)" in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	Ultrasound_date	Ultrasound test date	Ultrasound date		Specify the date when Ultrasound  was done	Date 		Yes			The field Ultrasound date should only be displayed if the options  "Done earlier" has been selected under the field  Ultrasound scan	The field Ultrasound test date in the reference application has been renamed to Ultrasound date in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	reason	Reason	Reason		State the reason why Ultrasound was not done	MC (Select One)	Delayed to next contact, Not available , Other (specify)	Yes			The field Reason  should only appear if the option "Not done" has been selected under  the field Ultrasound scan	Reason is a new field  in the customized application
