ANC.B8. Imaging	tb_imaging		TB imaging (Chest X-ray)		TB imaging (Chest X-ray)	MC (Select One)	Done today, Done earlier, Ordered, Not done	Yes			If the option "Done today" is selected then display the field Record result and if the option "Done earlier" is selected then display the two  fields TB test date  and Record result and if the option "Ordered" is selected no field should be displayed and if the option "Not ordered" is selected then display the field Reason	 TB imaging (Chest X-ray) is a new field  in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	recordtb_result		Record result		Record the TB imaging results	MC (Select One)	Suggestive TB, No signs of TB, Inconclusive	Yes			The field Record result  should only appear if the options "Done today" or "Done earlier" has been selected under  the field TB imaging (Chest X-ray)	Record result is a new field  in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	tb_test_date		TB test date		Specify the date when the TB test was done	Date 		Yes			The field TB test date should only appear if the option "Done earlier" has been selected under  the field TB imaging (Chest X-ray)	TB test date is a new field  in the customized application
ANC.B8. Imaging	reason		Reason		Specify the reason why the TB test was not done	MC (Select Multiple)	X-ray machine not available, Other (specify)	Yes			The field Reason  should only appear if the option "Not done" has been selected under  the field TB imaging (Chest X-ray)	Reason is a new field  in the customized application
				Laboratory tests and Imaging : Other tests								
ANC.B8. Conduct laboratory tests and imaging	other_tests	Other test	Other test		Specify other tests that have been conducted 		Done today, Done earlier, Ordered	No			If the option "Done today" is selected then display the fields Which test ?  and  Test result if the option "Done earlier" is selected then display the   fields Which test ? , Test date  and  Test result and if the option "Ordered" is selected no field should be displayed .	The field Other tests in the reference application still remains the same in the customized application
ANC.B8. Conduct laboratory tests and imaging	when	When ?	When ?		Specify the  when the test was done			No			If the options "Done today" and "Done earlier" is selected under Other tests  then display the field Which test ? .	The field Which test ? in the reference application still remains the same in the customized application
ANC.B8. Conduct laboratory tests and imaging	test_date	Test date	Test date		Specify the date when the test was done			No			If the option "Done earlier" is selected under Other tests  then display the field Test date.	The field Test date in the reference application still remains the same in the customized application
ANC.B8. Conduct laboratory tests and imaging	test_results	Test Results	Test Results		Specify the test results			No			If the options "Done today" and "Done earlier" is selected under Other tests  then display the field Test results .	The field Test results in the reference application still remains the same in the customized application
