daily_cafeine_intake	Daily caffeine intake	Daily caffeine intake		Assesses whether the woman consumes more than 300 mg of caffeine per day.	MC (Select Multiple)	More than 2 cups (200ml) of filtered or commercially brewed coffee, More than 4 cups of tea, More than one bottle of coca cola or caffeine energy drink, None of the above	Yes				The field having the label  Daily caffeine intake  in the reference application still remains as Daily caffeine intake " in the customized application only the options "More than 2 cups of coffee (brewed, filtered. instant or expresso) has be changed to "More than 2 cuups (200ml) of filtered or commercially brewed coffee", "More than one can of soda or energy drink" has been changed to "More than one bottle of cola or caffeine energy drink" and the option "More than 12 bars (50g) of chocolate " has been dropped in the customized application
tabacco_use_smoking	Use tobacco products?	Tobacco use -Smoking?		Whether the client uses any tobacco products.	MC (Select One)	Yes, No, Recently quit	Yes				The field having the label  Uses tobacco products  in the reference application has been renamed to Tobacco use -Smoking " in the customized application
tobacco_use_sniffing		Tobacco use -Sniffing (Insunku)? Shisha		Whether the client uses any tobacco products.	MC (Select One)	Yes, No, Recently quit	Yes				Tobacco use - Sniffing (Insuku )is a new field that has been added in the customized application
anyone_in_the_household_smokes	Anyone in the households smokes tobacco products?	Does anyone in the household smoke?		Anyone in the household smokes tobacco products? Whether the client is exposed to secondhand smoke from anyone in her household.	MC (Select One)	Yes, No	No				The field having the label  Anyone in the household smokes tobacco products?  in the reference application has been renamed to Does anyone in the household smoke? " in the customized application
clinical_enqiry	Clinical enquiry for alcohol and other substance use	Clinical enquiry for alcohol and other substance use		Whether or not the health worker has performed a clinical enquiry into alcohol and substance use.	MC (Select One)	Yes, No	No				The field having the label  Clinical enquiry for alcohol and other substance use done ?  in the reference application still remains as Clinical enquiry for alcohol and other substance use done ?  " in the customized application
uses_alcohol_or_other_substances	Uses alcohol and/or other subastances ?	Uses alcohol and/or other subastances ?		Whether or not the client currently consumes any alcohol or substances.	MC (Select Multiple)	None, Alcohol, Marijuana,Cocaine,Injectable drugs, Other (specify)	Yes				The field having the label  Uses alcohol and/or other substances in the reference application still remains as Uses alcohol and/or other substances" in the customized application
